vlagent: set default values for the msg and time flags in kubernetesCollector (#888)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [OpenTelemetry data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/opentelemetry/): properly handle `null` values inside arrays. Previously, such arrays could cause a panic during ingestion. See [#869](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/869#issuecomment-3627177567). The issue has been introduced in [v1.40.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/releases/tag/v1.40.0).
* BUGFIX: [OpenTelemetry data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/opentelemetry/): properly skip attributes with missing key. See [this report](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/869#issuecomment-3631307996).
* BUGFIX: [OpenTelemetry data ingestion](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/data-ingestion/opentelemetry/): reduce memory usage after [v1.40.0 release](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/releases/tag/v1.40.0). See [#869](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs/issues/869).

> * BUGFIX: [Kubernetes Collector](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vlagent/#collect-kubernetes-pod-logs): properly handle unset [`-kubernetesCollector.msgField`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vlagent/#kubernetes-collector-configuration) and [`-kubernetesCollector.timeField`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vlagent/#kubernetes-collector-configuration) flags. Previously, vlagent failed to apply the default values described in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [Kubernetes Collector](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vlagent/#collect-kubernetes-pod-logs): properly handle unset [`-kubernetesCollector.msgField`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vlagent/#kubernetes-collector-configuration) and [`-kubernetesCollector.timeField`](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vlagent/#kubernetes-collector-configuration) flags. Previously, vlagent didn't apply the default values described in the documentation.
```
